okay
all right thanks so much bye
oh what's up i uh i have your bonus
check
but yeah and now uh i want you to be
prepared
it's uh i think is not exactly what we
discussed
why not because after
careful consideration i felt
that figure was not uh appropriate
although you may not agree uh you have
to trust my
experience and you want me to trust you
do me a favor ed don't use big words you
don't understand
it's a complicated issue erin you know i
did a job lawyer you should reward me
accordingly it's not complicated you
know what that is the problem
all you lawyers do is complicate
situations that aren't complicated do
you know why people think all lawyers
are backstabbing blood sucking scumbags
because they are
and you know i cannot believe that you
were doing this to me now when i'm up to
my ass in kettleman plaintiffs which by
the way
looks like it's going to be double the
amount that we had in hinckley and you
expect me to go out there
leave my kids to be looked after by
strangers knock on doors get these
people to trust you with their lives and
the whole time you're screwing me
i want you to know something ed it is
not about the number it is about the way
my work is valued in this firm
it's about how no matter what i do
you're not
as i was saying um i decided that uh the
figure you proposed
was inappropriate so i increased it
do they teach beauty queens how to
apologize
because you suck at it
you